Now that we have our project set up and before we dive into code,
let's go through some vocabulary.
To start, the entry point of security is authentication,
and that is where we will begin defining our vocabulary.
Authentication is determining I am who I say I am.
After the app has authenticated us, we need to see what we are authorized to do.
These two pieces are the key components of our app.
The other things that we talk about are how we honestly do these two activities.
The entry point to our application is through a filter.
The filter is a standard JEE filter.
it really isn't important if you haven't written one before.
Just realize that it's the entry point of our app,
and we will configure things to utilize it.
Once you have entered the application,
you have specific roles that you can perform or
rights inside of the application.
From here, roles are defined and stored in the User.
This is the basic information about the logged‑in user,
while more specific details and the contract of what we
can do is accessed through UserDetails.
The last two items that we're going to cover aren't specific Spring
Security terms but, rather, more general Spring terms,
the first being a Service, not a web service,
but the Service tier where business logic is stored.
The second is a Repository tier, and this is how we access data and work with it.
This is definitely not all the terms we will work with but the main
points that we will cover throughout this course.
If those last two give you any concern or you don't understand what they are, you may want to revisit the Spring MVC Fundamentals course.